Q: What environment system running? (environment changing)
A:  small imbedded system 550KB hard drive, 50KB RAM
language NCC standard

Q: Laws , bylaw?
A: Canadian Transportation, regulations on traffic lights

Q: Data to be logged while running for optimizing?
A: nice to have, limited space, hard to fit in the hardware

Q: Someone who will be maintaining the software?
A: implication of what is wrong (nice to have, not essential)

No new hardware added to system
No bike lanes
S2 is response to cars and motor cycles

Q: Top 3 must have?
A: Safety, reliability, correctness, up as much as possible

Q: Testing on the system?
A: Provide some hardware if you want.

System emergency mode when something go wrong.

Q: Configurable timing?
A: nice to have, not necessary

Q: Night mode ?
A: runs the same as emergency.

Q: reset?
A: start as default state, road 1 highest priority

Different timers, timer 1 for road 1 only, timer 2 for the rest

Sequence:
Traffic on road 1, then road 3, then road 2

Q: cycle through the state, turn on the pedestrian passing
light when make sense (when safe). 

Q: now using electronic switch system
A: hard to maintain and use

assume there is a simple way of notifying them

Q: Yellow light not really a state
A: So we don't model it as a state, just in between state

We can press a button to start the emergency mode
Not worried about the emergency vehicle
After the night mode, go through the sequence and go to normal mode
As for emergency, go back to default mode.
Emergency mode is instant
When starting system, it starts at emergency mode.
Press a physical button to go to normal mode.

Q: S2 what happens when there is vehicle
A: 2 will be green when got signal, when 3 is already green, 2 will be green in
the next cycle, otherwise 2 will be red.

Q: Go to details on the timers
A: T1 and T2, use any specific time

move from default state

Q: Performance, how to demonstrate to the client?

imbedded system, don’t want anyone to modify the system

Q: Reliabity (how much up time?)
A:

Q: Protecting of the sensor
A: other things will be nice to have( we can suggest)

timers are not for G turn lights, they should be green when if it safe to go.

reset button, after go to emergency, and then go to default mode.
